Oops bro
What happened in such a hurry?
Chu Shuhan has a problem with her identity
How is that possible?
If there is a problem with his identity, will Mr. Jin Zheng not know?
It's true. I just got the news.
Chu Shuhan was the one who took care of things back then
What was it that the second uncle led the troops to destroy the whole family?
How could the other party not come for revenge?
I even suspect that the second uncle's preview is not what the Sun family said was done by Chu Shuhan at all
How is that possible?
Not so much for now.
It's important to find Yu'er
Then let's find it separately.
Brother Qin Yue
Your kitchen knife at home is broken.
I'm out looking for someone to fix it
By the way, big brother, why were you so excited just now? What happened?
What about Chu Chuhan?
He just said that he has something in the mansion and needs to go back and get it.
Brother, you didn't make a special trip to find him, did you?
Chu Chuhan is home
Yeah, what's wrong?
It's not good to be so coincidental, second uncle